# Cplusplus-Program

For this project, I was tasked with creating a program that can read an inputted text file and analyze the data contained within the text file to determine the nuber of times each product was purchased that day. The objective of creating such a program would give the product owner an idea for their most frequently sold products and ultimately allow them to organize their store in a manner that would better fit their commonly sold items. The items I performed well on for this project were 1. correctly developing a program that can read an inputted file and output the frequency of items listed within the inputted file 2. enabled an item to be searched and if the item was not found then the output of 0 was provided 3. a histogram can be generated if the program user wishes to visualize the data via a histogram. An area that my code could be improved could be through the use of a logon. This would give a simple layer of protection in a scenario that maybe a competitor is looking to see what products are being sold most frequently and try to undercut the price to pull in extra revenue. Although I am still not super comfortable with C++ up to this point, the biggest challenge I faced with developing this program was integrating the main menu. I struggled with originally understanding how to integrate this component into my program to allow the user to select how they would like to use the program, gettingthe main menu to default load, and how to quit the program. In order to overcome this, I relied heavily on trial and error after extensive research on Google. Specificlaly referring to sites such as Stack Overflow and W3 schools. Every bit of experience gained form this project and class specifically will serve immensly valuable to my future projects and course work but specifically from this project, I would argue the ability to research topics and debug issues will be the most valuable skill I gained from this project. Understanding how to take snippets of code from previously performed work, understanding the code enough to manipulate it to fit what you need to do for you program, and then debugging issues that arise with the code is an invaluable skill and I gained a lot of experience in doing that with this project.
